pages/br_utils.mdx, before:

# br_utils

This resource is a utility package made for FiveM  
Every features was made by my usemind in focus so it's possible that not everything will be suited for you  
The script is fully configurable and open source so you'll be able to pick and choose what you'll need on your server

Feel free to make any [suggestion](https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils/issues) or any [modification](https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils/pulls) you want

***

import { Button } from "@mui/material"
import GitHubIcon from "@mui/icons-material/GitHub"
import ReleaseIcon from '@mui/icons-material/Sell'

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<GitHubIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils") }} > 
  GitHub
</Button>

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<ReleaseIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils/releases") }} > 
  Release
</Button>

***

## Installation

import { Steps } from "nextra/components"

<Steps>
### Download a [release](https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils/releases/latest) or clone the repository
```shell filename="console" showLineNumbers
git clone https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils.git
```

### Configure the script using the file `config.lua`

### Add this line to your `server.cfg` to start the script
```shell filename="server.cfg" showLineNumbers
start br_utils
```

### Enjoy!
</Steps>

### Supported frameworks

***

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<GitHubIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/esx-framework/esx_core") }} > 
  esx
</Button>

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<GitHubIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/overextended/ox_core") }} > 
  ox_core
</Button>

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<GitHubIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-core") }} > 
  core
</Button>

Some of the features will only work if you are running one of these

Commit message:

Changed description of supported framework section

pages/br_utils.mdx, after:

# br_utils

This resource is a utility package made for FiveM  
Every features was made by my usemind in focus so it's possible that not everything will be suited for you  
The script is fully configurable and open source so you'll be able to pick and choose what you'll need on your server

Feel free to make any [suggestion](https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils/issues) or any [modification](https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils/pulls) you want

***

import { Button } from "@mui/material"
import GitHubIcon from "@mui/icons-material/GitHub"
import ReleaseIcon from '@mui/icons-material/Sell'

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<GitHubIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils") }} > 
  GitHub
</Button>

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<ReleaseIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils/releases") }} > 
  Release
</Button>

***

## Installation

import { Steps } from "nextra/components"

<Steps>
### Download a [release](https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils/releases/latest) or clone the repository
```shell filename="console" showLineNumbers
git clone https://github.com/Brodino96/br_utils.git
```

### Configure the script using the file `config.lua`

### Add this line to your `server.cfg` to start the script
```shell filename="server.cfg" showLineNumbers
start br_utils
```

### Enjoy!
</Steps>

### Supported frameworks

***

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<GitHubIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/esx-framework/esx_core") }} > 
  esx
</Button>

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<GitHubIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/overextended/ox_core") }} > 
  ox_core
</Button>

<Button variant="outlined" color="" endIcon={<GitHubIcon />} onClick={() => { open("https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-core") }} > 
  core
</Button>

You must use one of these framework or most features won't work
